Hey. you!
How are All Might's classes?
Uh. excuse me.
I have to go to the nurse's office!
Will you tell us about
what the Symbol of Peace is like
as a teacher?
What he's like?
Um…
He's very muscular!
What do you think of All Might
as a teacher?
He made me recognize anew
that I attend an educational institution
that is the best of the best.
Of course. his dignity and character
go without saying.
but we students are constantly
able to see his humorous side.
It is a unique opportunity
to learn about being a top hero
directly from one.
Excuse me!
Can you tell me about All Mi…
Oh? You're the one who was
caught by the sludge villain…
Stop it!
Um. about All Might…
Wow. you're scruffy…
What's your deal?
He's not on duty today.
You are disturbing the classes.
Please leave.
I would like to speak directly
with All Might…
I feel like I've seen him before…
Don't you think you're too scruffy?
I can't believe All Might was able
to work as a hero with all this.
Hey! Just a little time is fine!
-Just let me see All Might…
-Ah. idiot!
What the…
It's the U.A. Barrier.
-That's what we call it.
-That's so lame!
What the heck is that?
If someone tries to get in without
a student ID or a pass to enter.
the security system kicks in.
Apparently. there are sensors
all over the school.
What the heck?
They think they're so high and mighty.
They could at least
give a brief comment.
Seriously.
we've been here for two days.
and they still won't say anything.
The news that All Might had been hired
as a teacher at U.A. surprised the nation.
and the media descended on the school
and caused a commotion for days.
Everyone knew about it.
Yeah. everyone.
EPISODE NINE:
YEAH. JUST DO YOUR BEST. IIDA!
Good work
on yesterday's combat training.
I saw the video and results.
Bakugo. you're talented.
so don't act like a kid.
I know.
And Midoriya.
You settled it
by breaking your arm again. huh?
You can't keep saying
you can't help it
because you can't control your Quirk.
I don't like saying the same thing
over and over.
As long as you fix the control issue.
there's a lot you'll be able to do.
Feel a sense of urgency. Midoriya.
Yes. sir!
Now let's get down
to homeroom business.
Sorry about the late notice.
but today. I'll have you…
…take another special test?
…decide on a class representative.
It's actually a normal school activity!
I want to be class rep! Pick me!
-Me too!
-I want to do it. too.
It's a job made for m…
I'll be the leader!
In a normal class. students might feel
like they're just taking on daily duties.
and this wouldn't happen.
-But here in the hero course…
-Let me do it! Me!
…it's a role that allows one to practice
being a top hero by leading a group.
Silence. please!
It is a job with the serious
responsibility of leading others.
It is not a job for just anyone
who wants to do it.
It is a calling that requires
the trust of those around you.
If we want to use democracy
to decide on a true leader.
then we should hold an election
to choose one.
Your hand is raised the highest!
Why did you suggest that?
We haven't known each other
for that long.
so how can we have trust
or anything?
If that's the case.
and everyone votes for themselves…
Don't you think that is precisely why
whoever receives multiple votes here
can be truly considered
the most suitable person?
What do you think. Mr. Aizawa?
I don't care. as long as you
decide before homeroom is over.
Thank you very much!
ELECTION RESULTS
IZUKU MIDORIYA - THREE
MOMO YAOYOROZU - TWO
I got three votes?
Why Deku? Who voted for him?
Well. it's better than voting for you.
What did you say?
It'll be scary if Bakugo finds out…
I give up! I give up!
Zero votes…
I knew that would happen…
That is only to be expected
of a person's calling.
You voted for someone else. huh?
But you wanted to do it. too.
What are you trying to do. Iida?
Then. the class rep is Midoriya.
and the deputy class rep
will be Yaoyorozu.
Seriously?
How vexing…
That might not be too bad.
After all's said and done.
Midoriya can be pretty fired up. anyway.
And Yaoyorozu was cool when we were
going over the battle results!
LUNCH RUSH'S EATERY
There are a lot of people today. too!
That's because everyone in the hero.
support. and management course
meets in the same place.
The rice is so delicious!
Even though I've been chosen as class rep.
I don't know if I'm qualified for it.
You are.
It'll be fine.
Your courage and judgment
at critical moments
make you worth following.
That is why I voted for you.
It was you?
But didn't you want
to be class rep. too. Iida?
I mean. you've got glasses
and everything.
Uraraka just talks without thinking…
Wanting to do it and being suitable for it
are different issues.
I merely did
what I judged to be correct.
"Merely"?
You don't usually use that word…
Oh. that's…
I've been thinking…
Are you a rich boy. Iida?
Rich…
I tried to change how I talk
because I didn't want to be called that.
Yes. my family
have been heroes for generations.
I'm the second son.
What? Wow!
Do you know
the Turbo Hero. Ingenium?
Of course!
He's a really popular hero
who has 65 sidekicks
working at his Tokyo agency!
Don't tell me…
He is my elder brother!
-He's telling us straight out!
-That's amazing!
He is a likable hero
who honors the rules and leads people.
I set my sights on being a hero
because I want to be like my brother.
However. I think it is still too soon
for me to lead others.
Unlike me. Midoriya realized
the point of the practical portion
of the entrance exam.
so he is more suitable for the job.
This might be the first time
I've seen you smile. Iida.
What. really? I smile!
Ingenium is to Iida
what All Might is to me.
But. I should tell him…
About the entrance exam…
An alarm?
There has been
a level three security breach.
What?
All students please
evacuate outdoors promptly.
-What's "level three security"?
-I repeat…
It means someone is trespassing
on school grounds!
I've never seen anything like this
in the three years I've been here!
You should hurry. too!
LUNCH RUSH'S EATERY
Don't push!
Wait. I'm falling!
-I said. don't push!
-Ow…
What's going on all of a sudden?
As expected of the best of the best.
Everyone reacts quickly in a crisis!
They're so quick
that it's causing a panic!
Oh. shoot!
-Midoriya!
-Deku!
Who in the world trespassed?
That's…
the press!
Give us All Might!
He's here. isn't he?
We told you. he's not here!
If you just give us
one brief comment. we'll leave!
If you guys get one comment. you'll want
another. That's just how you are.
They're illegal trespassers. you know.
You could call them villains.
You think we can beat 'em up?
Don't do it. Mic. They'll write up
a bunch of half-truths about you.
Let's wait for the police.
I wondered what it was.
but it's just the media.
Everyone. calm dow…
-Ouch!
-Ow!
Wait. someone fell!
Don't push!
Where are the teachers?
Are they busy
trying to deal with everything?
-Everyone. stop! Slow down!
-Kirishima! Kaminari!
What the heck?
Is there anyone here
who knows everything's fine?
No one has noticed!
Everyone's panicking!
Uraraka!
Iida!
What would Midoriya… or my brother…
do in this situation?
Uraraka!
Make me…
Make me float. Uraraka!
A place in everyone's line of sight…
Engine boost!
Iida!
Be concise. clear. and bold!
BOOM
Everyone. everything's fine!
It is just the media!
There is nothing to panic about.
Everything's fine!
This is U.A.
Let us act in a way
befitting the best of the best.
The police are here.
Oh. good.
Goodbye. bad mass media!
Come on. class rep. Start.
Now. let us decide
on the other class officers…
But first. can I say something?
I think… that Tenya Iida
should be the class rep after all!
He was able to get everyone's
attention in such a cool way.
I think it would be best
for Iida to do it.
I'm good with that. too.
Midoriya's saying it.
and it's true that Iida was a big help
at the cafeteria today.
Yeah. and he kind of looked
like the person
on the emergency exit signs. didn't he?
You're wasting time.
I don't care what you do.
just hurry up and do it.
If the class rep has nominated me.
then it cannot be helped.
From this day forth. I. Tenya Iida.
promise to do my best to carry out
the duties of class representative.
We're counting on you.
Emergency Exit!
Emergency Exit Iida!
Do your best!
What about me?
How were the ordinary members of the press
able to do something like this?
Someone instigated this.
Did someone evil slip in.
or was it intended
to be a declaration of war?
Listen heroes.
don't come after me.
If you do.
I'm gonna kill this rich family here.
It's fine now. family!
Missouri Smash!
Why? Because I am here
on my way to work.
A hit-and-run!
It'll be bad if I'm late. but…
I've gotten slower?
After I gave young Midoriya
One For All.
my powers have been weakening.
On top of that.
after forcing myself that time.
the time I can spend in that form
has gotten shorter than before.
You told young Bakugo?
I'm sorry.
I didn't even tell my mom.
but for some reason.
I felt like I just had to tell him.
I'm really sorry.
I judged that he was not
the type to show off.
so I did not admonish him strongly.
but this seems to be the result
of his sincerity backfiring.
Fortunately. young Bakugo
did not seem to take it seriously.
so I'll let it go this time.
But please don't do it again.
Please think carefully about
what it means to have this power.
If word gets out.
it's clear that the world would be teeming
with those trying to steal
the power from you.
This secret should be kept
both to prevent chaos in society
and for your sake.
Do you understand?
Even if he is a suitable vessel.
he is still only a 15-year-old boy.
I have to pull myself together.
Someone's barricaded themselves in
in the neighboring town!
For today's hero basic training.
it's turned into a class
with three instructors.
All Might and me.
and one more person.
"Turned into"?
I wonder if it's a special case?
Excuse me! What'll we be doing?
Disasters. shipwrecks.
and everything in between.
It's rescue training.
Rescue… Looks like
it'll be a lot of work this time. too.
Right?
Idiot. this is the duty of a hero!
My arms are ready to rumble!
No one can beat me in water. ribbit.
Hey. I'm not done.
You can decide if you want
to wear your costume or not this time.
Because there are probably costumes
that limit your abilities. too.
The training will take place
off-campus. so we're taking a bus.
That is all. Start getting ready.
Rescue training…
What I've admired…
It's training to get another step
closer to being the greatest hero.
I'll do my best!
Oh. you're wearing your P.E. clothes.
Where's your costume?
It got ripped up
during the combat training.
so I'm waiting for
the support company to fix it.
Class 1-A. gather round!
Form two lines by your student numbers
in order to make boarding the bus
go smoothly!
Iida's going at full throttle…
Shoot.
I didn't think it'd be this type of bus.
There was no point. huh?
I say whatever comes to mind.
Midoriya…
Um. yes. Asui?
Call me "Tsu."
Right…
Your Quirk is like All Might's.
Huh? You think so?
But I'm… uh…
Wait a sec. Tsu. All Might
doesn't get hurt when he uses his.
They just kind of look the same.
But it's nice to have
a simple augmenting-type Quirk.
You can do lots of flashy stuff!
My Hardening's strong against others.
but unfortunately.
it doesn't look like much.
I think it's really cool!
It's a Quirk that can definitely
pass as a pro's!
A pro's. huh?
But you have to think about popularity
as a hero. too. you know.
My Navel Laser is pro-level
in both flashiness and strength.
But it's not great
that it gives you a stomachache.
Well. if you're talking about
flashy and strong.
it's gotta be Todoroki and Bakugo.
though. huh?
Bakugo's always mad. so he doesn't seem
like he'll be popular. though.
-What the hell! You wanna fight?
-See?
We haven't known each other that long.
so it's amazing that everyone
already knows his personality
is crap steeped in sewage.
What's with that vocabulary. bastard?
I'll kill you!
Kacchan's being teased…
I can't believe what I'm seeing!
That's U.A. for you!
What a vulgar conversation.
But I like stuff like this. too.
We're here.
Stop messing around.
Yes. sir!
Everyone.
I have been waiting for you.
It's the Space Hero. Thirteen!
The gentlemanly hero who has rescued
tons of people from disasters!
Oh. I love Thirteen!
Let's go inside without delay.
Look forward to working with you!
Wow. it looks like
Universal Studios Japan!
A shipwreck.
a landslide.
a fire. a windstorm.
et caetera…
It is a training ground that I made
with different types
of accidents and disasters.
It's called the
"Unforeseen Simulation Joint."
or "USJ" for short!
It really is USJ…
Thirteen. where's All Might?
He was supposed to meet us here.
About that…
It looks like he did too much hero work
on his way to work
and ran out of time.
so he's resting in the lounge.
Sorry… I should be able
to go for a little bit at the end.
I'm really sorry!
That's the height of irrationality.
Well. we took precautions just in case…
It can't be helped. Shall we begin?
Let's see… Before we begin. let me
say one thing. er. or two. or three…
-Or four. five. six. seven…
-It's increasing!
Everyone. I am sure you are aware
of my Quirk. Black Hole.
I can suck up anything
and turn it to dust.
You've been able to use that Quirk
to save people
from all kinds of disasters. right?
Yes. but it is a power
that can kill easily.
Some of you also have
Quirks like that. right?
In a superhuman society.
personal Quirks have been
certified and stringently regulated.
so that doesn't seem to be
a problem at first glance.
However. please do not forget
that there are many Quirks
that can easily kill with one wrong step.
With Aizawa's physical fitness test.
you found out about the possibility
of your own hidden powers.
and with All Might's
person-to-person combat training.
I think you experienced the danger
of using those powers against others.
This class is a fresh start.
You shall learn how to use your Quirks
to save people's lives.
You do not have powers
so you can harm others.
I hope you leave here
with the understanding
that you have powers
in order to help others.
Thirteen's so cool!
That is all. Thank you for listening.
That was wonderful!
Bravo! Bravo!
All right then. first…
Gather together and don't move!
Thirteen. protect the students!
What's that?
Is this like the entrance exam
where the lesson's already started?
Don't move!
Those are villains.
And coincidentally. during the time
when we were supposed
to be practicing saving lives.
they showed up in front of us.
NEXT TIME
Asui. the villains have attacked!
-Call me "Tsu."
-Tsu…
Next time.
"Encounter with the Unknown."
I know why Mineta's hair
is like that now.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!